Soar 7985 Netskope Plugin (#1110)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/netskope/help.md

# Description

> Update a File Hash List using Netskope

Reviewer: `Update a File Hash List using Netskope.`

# Key Features

> Identify key features of plugin.

Reviewer: Add some key features (list of actions) here

Reviewer 2: Same as above :smiley:

# Requirements

* Example: Requires an API Key from the product

> * Example: API must be enabled on the Settings page in the product's user interface

Reviewer: You can remove `example` here, so your requirements are simply:
* Requires an API Key from the product
* API must be enabled on the Settings page in the product's user interface

Reviewer 2: You're right! I'll fix that.

# Description

> This plugin allows users to create, read, update, and delete URL list

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This plugin allows users to create, read, update, and delete URL lists in their Netskope environment.
```

# Key Features

* Apple currently pending changes for URL lists
* Create a new URL list
* Delete specific URL list by ID
* Get all applied or pending URL lists
* Get single user confidence index
* Get URL list by ID
* Patch specific URL list by ID
* Replace specific URL list by ID
* Update the file hash list
* Upload JSON config file

# Requirements

> * Requires an API Keys for versions v1 and v2 from the product Netskope

Reviewer 3: Are keys for BOTH versions 1 and 2 required? Or simply one or the other? How would the user know if they need to use API version 1 or 2?
  
```suggestion
* Requires an API Key for versions v1 and v2 from the Netskope product.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes. Both API keys are required :smiley:

Example input:

```
{
  "items": [
    {
      "name": "string",
      "data": {
        "urls": [
          "https://example.com",
          "https://example.com"
        ],
        "type": "exact"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|uploaded_urllist|[]object|False|Contains list of uploaded urllist objects|

Example output:

```
[
  {
    "id": 1,
    "name": "string",
    "data": {
      "urls": [
        "https://example.com"
      ],
      "type": "exact",
      "json_version": 2
    },
    "modify_by": "Netskope REST API",
    "modify_time": "2022-02-01T12:20:23.000Z",
    "modify_type": "Created",
    "pending": 1
  }
]
```

### Triggers

_This plugin does not contain any triggers._

### Custom Output Types

_This plugin does not contain any custom output types._

## Troubleshooting

_This plugin does not contain any troubleshooting information._

# Version History

* 1.0.0 - Initial plugin

# Links

## References

* [Netskope](https://www.netskope.com/)

> 

Reviewer 3: Please add links to the Netskope API v1 and v2 documentation as well. I think [this](https://docs.netskope.com/en/rest-api-v2-overview-312207.html) is the proper link for v2 but if not please add the correct link.

# Description

This plugin allows users to create, read, update, and delete URL list

# Key Features

* Apple currently pending changes for URL lists
* Create a new URL list
* Delete specific URL list by ID
* Get all applied or pending URL lists
* Get single user confidence index
* Get URL list by ID
* Patch specific URL list by ID
* Replace specific URL list by ID
* Update the file hash list
* Upload JSON config file

# Requirements

* Requires an API Keys for versions v1 and v2 from the product Netskope

# Supported Product Versions

* 2022-02-11

# Documentation

## Setup

The connection configuration accepts the following parameters:

> |Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|

Reviewer 2: Yes. We need both keys for that plugin to run. We will add that information to help.md file

      "pending": 0
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Delete a URL List by ID

This action is used to mark a URL list as pending deletion.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|id|integer|None|True|ID of the URL list|None|1|

Example input:

```
{
  "id": 1
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|data|data|True|Data containing URLs and type|
|id|integer|True|URL list identifier|
|modify_by|string|True|Name of the URL list modifier|
|modify_time|string|True|Last URL list modification time|
|modify_type|string|True|Shows last modification type. Expected values are Created, Edited, Deleted|
|name|string|True|URL list name|
|pending|integer|True|URL list status of pending (1) and applied (0)|

Example output:

```
{
  "id": 1,
  "name": "ExampleName",
  "data": {
    "urls": [
      "https://example.com",
      "https://example.com"
    ],
    "type": "exact",
    "json_version": 2
  },
  "modify_by": "Netskope REST API",
  "modify_time": "1997-01-01 00:00:00",
  "modify_type": "Deleted",
  "pending": 0
}
```

#### Apply Pending URL List Changes

> This action applies currently pending changes for URL lists.

Reviewer 4: Can you pick a specific url list to apply the changes? How often this action is needed.

Reviewer 2: We can't pick a specific url list to apply the changes. It applies all the pending ones. This action is needed after making some changes to URL lists such as replacing, updateing, deleting existing ones.

Example input:

```
{
  "items": [
    {
      "name": "string",
      "data": {
        "urls": [
          "https://example.com",
          "https://example.com"
        ],
        "type": "exact"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|uploaded_urllist|[]urllist|True|Contains list of uploaded URL list objects|

Example output:

```
{
  "uploaded_urllist": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "name": "string",
      "data": {
        "urls": [
          "https://example.com"
        ],
        "type": "exact",
        "json_version": 2
      },
      "modify_by": "Netskope REST API",
      "modify_time": "2022-02-01T12:20:23.000Z",
      "modify_type": "Created",
      "pending": 1
    }
  ]
}
```

### Triggers

_This plugin does not contain any triggers._

### Custom Output Types

_This plugin does not contain any custom output types._

## Troubleshooting

_This plugin does not contain any troubleshooting information._

# Version History

> * 1.0.0 - Initial plugin

Reviewer 4: Please list the actions of the plugin in the change log
